minicom: add page (#7564)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/minicom.md

# minicom

> > A program to do a serial communication with a device.

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
> A program to communicate via serial with a device.
```

> > A program to do a serial communication with a device.

Reviewer 2: probably lets throw in the `interface` as well to make it absolutely obvious: (thoughts?)

```suggestion
> A program to communicate with the serial interface of a device.
```

Reviewer 2: I think the `interface` could be a virtual as well :)

Author: I see... Okay, this will do. Thanks for the suggestion :)

> More information: <https://manned.org/minicom>.

- Open a given serial port:

`sudo minicom --device {{/dev/ttyUSB0}}`

- Open a given serial port with a given baud rate:

`sudo minicom --device {{/dev/ttyUSB0}} --baudrate {{115200}}`

> - Enter setup page before doing communication with a given serial port:

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better? The language `configuration menu` is used in the official man page.
```suggestion
- Enter the configuration menu before communicating with a given serial port:
```

Author: Yup, this looks better.

# minicom

> > A program to do a serial communication with a device.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
> A program to do a serial communication with a device.
> More information: <https://manned.org/minicom>.
```

> - Open a serial port on /dev/ttyUSB0

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Open a given serial port:
```

> `sudo minicom --device /dev/ttyUSB0

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
`sudo minicom --device {{/dev/ttyUSB0}}`
```

- Open a given serial port:

`sudo minicom --device {{/dev/ttyUSB0}}`

> - Open a given serial port with a given baudrate:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Open a given serial port with a given baud rate:
```

> `sudo minicom --device {{/dev/ttyUSB0}} --baudrate 115200`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
`sudo minicom --device {{/dev/ttyUSB0}} --baudrate {{115200}}`
```
